v10 platform rename (#360) (#426)
vaadin/flow-and-components-documentation: documentation/migration/7-tools-integrations.asciidoc

== Maven Plugin

There is a Maven Plugin available for Vaadin platform.
It handles transpilation, minification and bundling of the front-end resources for the production version of the application.
This is only necessary for when you take the application for production, or want to test it with IE11.

There are no custom widgetsets or Sass themes that need compilation for development time in Vaadin platform.
The plugin is thus not needed during development, except when testing with IE11.

== Maven Archetypes

There are no archetypes available for Vaadin platform. Please visit https://vaadin.com/start[vaadin.com/start] for available starting points.
There you can find Maven-based example applications and project bases available for Vaadin platform.

== Using Vaadin with Spring

Vaadin platform has an integration for using it with Spring.
The concept is mostly the same, but some features like the `@ViewScope` have been removed.
Also there are currently no specific Spring Security support, but it can still be integrated manually.
The Bakery App Starter for Flow and Spring shows an example of this.

== CDI Support

> There is a https://github.com/vaadin/cdi[CDI Add-on] enabling JEE features. This is currently part of Vaadin platform starting with V12 and also compatible with V10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a https://github.com/vaadin/cdi[CDI Add-on] for easier CDI integration and to help using other Java EE features. This is currently part of Vaadin platform starting with V12 and also compatible with V10.
```
